>> Kyle Simpson: So we did define
that cacheLoggedOutFiles function,
but we gotta call it in a few places.
Otherwise, it's just gonna sit there and
do nothing.
So where do we want to call it?
Well, we definitely wanna
call it anytime we start up.
So I'm gonna to put it here.
>> Kyle Simpson: You notice that I'm
calling it without passing the true to it.
So basically here I'm just saying, hey, in
a good faith effort, if there's anything
not in the cache, just try to go ahead and
prime the cache with it.
And if you tell me we
restarted the service worker,
if there's anything missing from the cache
get it, but if it's already in the cache,
just ignore it, okay?
But there's a time when I
definitely want to forcibly get
it into the cache no matter what.
And that is when I have activated
my service worker the first time.
So in my onActivate call, we definitely
want to also pull in those resources.
And here, when we do
cacheLoggedOutFiles,
>> Kyle Simpson: We’re
gonna actually pass in true here.
I have a little stylistic
thing that I like to do.
Any time I’m passing Booleans,
I always put an inline comment
with the name of that parameter.
So that's just a little
stylistic thing I like to do.
>> Kyle Simpson: But this tells it, hey,
I don't care whether it's in the cache or
not, definitely go check the server.
Make sure to load that
information from the server
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, well,
this gives us an opportunity now to
show you how we can work with this,
because we're not gonna update
the version of our service worker.
And even though we've updated
that service worker code,
before you reload anything, I wanna
show you how you can actually forcibly
make sure that a service worker
regoes through its install process.
Step number one, this is best
practice that I've determined.
You might think, I can just immediately
click the Unregister or click the Update.
I have found weirdnesses and quirks with
that, so what I always do, sort of like
when you do a Shift+Refresh, my sort of
habit here is to stop the service worker.
That way it's not running, it's not
consuming any resources, Unregister it.
Now it'll say deleted.
So the next time that we run,
it’ll load a new one and
it’ll have this one down below.
So then you end up with this really long
list of all the service workers you’ve
ever unregistered.
But anyway, let’s start everything
back over like we were doing before.
Let’s,
>> Kyle Simpson: check our cache,
storage is empty.
Let’s go to our Console tab and
then come back to the page,
we’ll do another navigate event.
>> Kyle Simpson: Here we have installed
the v3 of our service worker.
In our Network tab, you see all
these extra files being loaded.
And you'll notice this little icon here,
and also the initiator,
it tells us that it's our service worker
that's initiating all of those fetches.
And then we come to our Application tab,
>> Kyle Simpson: Did something fail?
How did it ask for all those and
not stick them in?
That's interesting.
>> Kyle Simpson: I think we
have a typo in the styles name.
But why did it not put those in the cache?
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
double check the code.
>> Speaker 2: I don't think you return
a response in your map, if (res.ok).
>> Speaker 2: Does that matter at all?
>> Kyle Simpson: It shouldn't because
we're putting it into the cache.
All we're trying to do is
get these promises to wait.
These async function promises to wait.
Okay, I think we've had pointed
out the error is on line 73 here.
Instead of saying caches.match,
it was supposed to be caches.open.
We use caches.matchAll, but
when we want to open a cache to use it,
we call caches.open.
So I've also corrected
the CSS file to be style.css
instead of styles.css, so
hopefully now, let's try it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
I've unregistered my service worker,
let's clear my Console and my Network.
And we will navigate again.
We see my service worker being activated.
We see my network requesting those things.
And, now we have items
in our cache storage.
So if you see, we have ramblings-3 here.
That is our cache entry
that we've created.
You see all the URLs that we've asked for.
And quite helpfully, you can click on
them and you can actually preview them,
or see the headers that they were
responded with, if you need to.
So we can verify that we have
the correct version of any file.
In fact, if you're really getting
very low-level in your debugging,
you can actually delete
individual entries from here.
I don't recommend doing that very often,
just blow away the whole cache and
reload it.
But if you really just need to just
reload one file, you can do that.
Or you can blow away the whole thing by
right-clicking and deleting over there.
So this is a good way of verifying that
that we have loaded up all the stuff into
the cache.
That's a big step for us being able to go
offline, is now we have all that data and
we can start intercepting all of
those requests if we are offline and
responding with our cache.